ReadMe file

This file contain brief introductory information for data for used for the article, Hung C-M, Drovetski SV and Zink RM (in press) The roles of ecology, behavior and effective population size in the evolution of a community. Molecular Ecology.
We seperate data files based on the analytical programs.


(1)HKAtest: input files and results of HKA tests  
These are comparisons between the Caucasus and Eupropean populations for 29 species with multiple genes. Detailed information regarding HKA program can be found in http://genfaculty.rutgers.edu/hey/software


(2)IMa_input: input files for IMa for each species with multiple genes 


(3) MTML-msBayes: input files and results for MTML-msBayes analyses
The input files of the 29 species with multiple genes were in the folder named "fastaFromIM_29spp_input".  The "29spp" folder contains results for all 29 studied species, "G11spp" for 11 generalist species, "S18spp" for 18 Specialist species, "M11spp" for 11 migrant species and "R18spp" for 18 resident species.


(4)PyMsBayes: results for PyMsBayes analyses
The input files of this program are the same those of MTML-msBays.   The "G11spp" contain a configure file and results for 11 generalist species, "S18spp" for 18 Specialist species, "M11spp" for 11 migrant species and "R18spp" for 18 resident species.


(5) Bayestrait: input and results for phylogenetic generalized least squares (PGLS) regression using the program BayesTrait.
The folder contains several files with 1000 phylogenetic trees of the study species from a global bird tree database (http://birdtree.org; Jetz et al. 2012).  The species for these trees are different because comparisons may involve different parameters with different species.  The input files and results of PGLS are separated to 8 comparisons: Ecological specialization versus Fst (Eco_Fst), Migration from Europe to Caucasus (Eco_MNeCau), Migration from Caucasus to Europe (Eco_MNeEu), Caucasus effective population size (Eco_NeCau), Europe effective population size (Eco_NeEu), and divergence time between the two populations (Eco_T).   



